[MT / MWAN] Core docs for tunnel encapsulation (#8666)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-transit/_partials/_tunnels-encapsulation-opening.md

To accommodate additional header data introduced by encapsulation, the maximum segment size (MSS) must be adjusted so that packets comply with the standard Internet routable maximum transmission unit (MTU), which is 1500 bytes.

For instructions, refer to [Set Maximum Segment Size]($2).

This diagram illustrates the flow of traffic with $1.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
accTitle: Tunnels and encapsulation
accDescr: This diagram shows the flow of traffic with Magic Transit and Magic WAN.
participant A as Client machine
participant B as Cloudflare Magic Transit / WAN
participant C as Origin router
A->>B: Payload <br> Protocol <br> IP header
Note left of A: Ingress <br> traffic
B->>C: Payload <br> Protocol <br> IP header <br> GRE <br> IP header
C->>A: IP header <br> Protocol <br> Payload
Note right of C: Egress <br> traffic
```

<br>

{{<Aside type="note">}}By default, egress packets are routed by your ISP interface, not Cloudflare.{{</Aside>}}

## ​​Anycast tunnels

> $1 uses [Anycast](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/cdn/glossary/anycast-network/) IP addresses for Cloudflare’s tunnel endpoints, meaning that any server in any data center can receive traffic and must be capable of encapsulating and decapsulating packets for any tunnel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$1 uses [Anycast](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/cdn/glossary/anycast-network/) IP addresses for Cloudflare’s tunnel endpoints. In the Anycast model, any server in any data center can receive traffic and must be capable of encapsulating and decapsulating packets for any tunnel.
```
Sentence length

> This works with GRE tunnels because the GRE protocol is stateless—each packet is processed independently and does not require any negotiation or coordination between tunnel endpoints. Tunnel endpoints are technically bound to IP addresses but do not need to be bound to specific devices. Any device that can strip off the outer headers and then route the inner packet can handle any GRE packet sent over the tunnel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works with GRE tunnels because the GRE protocol is stateless. Each packet is processed independently and does not require any negotiation or coordination between tunnel endpoints. Tunnel endpoints are technically bound to IP addresses but do not need to be bound to specific devices. Any device that can strip off the outer headers and then route the inner packet can handle any GRE packet sent over the tunnel.
```

> For IPsec tunnels, the customer's router negotiates the creation of an IPsec tunnel with Cloudflare using the IKE protocol. Next, the Cloudflare server that handled that negotiation will propagate the details of that newly created IPsec tunnel (traffic selectors, keys, etc.) across Cloudflare's data centers. The result is that any Cloudflare server can then handle traffic for that IPsec tunnel, even though only one Cloudflare server actually negotiated the setup of that tunnel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For IPsec tunnels, the customer's router negotiates the creation of an IPsec tunnel with Cloudflare using the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) protocol. Next, the Cloudflare server that handled that negotiation will propagate the details of that newly created IPsec tunnel (traffic selectors, keys, etc.) across Cloudflare's data centers. The result is that any Cloudflare server can then handle traffic for that IPsec tunnel, even though only one Cloudflare server actually negotiated the setup of that tunnel.
```
